over one-third of Americans have
had a one-night actually almost
60 percent had a one night stand
but what's interesting about one
night stand over 30 percent
earned in a long-term
partnerships at standard
akcakale
did brain circuitry for why so
basically casual sex is not
casual
in the shower so drunk you don't
remember it it's not cash
waiting I had I S at X 10 X as
people with the Afghan him this
all the time am he he's in a
long-term
marriage meant that began as a
one night stand a lot of people
have i mean
as I say over 30 percent of
people have had a one night
stand turn in a long-term
relationship
let's find out what he's doing
talks about one minute I think
that happens a lot more often
than we know
because people who meet cause
the 1i stan has such a stake
right people they're sleazy
meetings
they don't tell their kids about
it your parents met in rehab
if your parents met on a sex
club for a dungeon somewhere in
they're not on the back seat of
a 57 Chevy gonna tell you
I actually wrote a series of
columns in the long-term advice
column
while then lenders was writing
her she would wrote a column
a buncha columns were she
invited our readers to share
their how they met stories
and they're all these me cute
stories I'd answer this boy the
USO
dance during the war and then we
wrote letters to each other all
through the war then we met up
Brandon
generation who are now yeah a
lot but overall XO
innocent all over stories and I
was thinking about people I knew
who were unsuccessful loving
long-term relationships
many which had really not
innocent starts
who met you have one night
stands like Terry and I did
who met in rehab who you know
had a drunken three-way
and then fell in love with the
acts they gassed at the three
way that the bird even third the
spare
and a spare and both circle
stories you can tell your
grandparents
or your kids that never get out
no so we have this distorted
view
love how a decent loving
relationship must start
and then people do this thing I
act in Europe
your you make such a important
point there because if
we give the view %uh love and
romance that we want to be true
and that's what percolates then
we established culture social
mores based on that
so that if anyone is different
from it you got social or
X 22 X tragedy yeah it but it's
actually not I think the most
damaging aspect of this
sort of cultural belief that no
decent relationship can have
a sleazy start because people
will
discount people as potential
partners
that they had a sleazy a meeting
with and they will say
I you know I might date this
person this might have been
someone I would date but look at
what they did
I couldn't date this person we
had a one night stand and no
decent relationship can grow
from a one night stand
so I can take this person and
nobody's relationships girl the
time for one night stands